[MUSIC]
>> Brian: Now I think we can go ahead and
go make our details page actually
do something nice and pretty.
>> Brian: So, get rid of all
this crap that we have in here.
>> Brian: Okay, so we have the container,
inside of the container,
we're gonna have a header.
>> Brian: That's gonna be a header.
>> Speaker 2: Couple of questions.
Can you push a branch at this point and
then-
>> Brian: Yeah, I forgot.
>> Speaker 2: Following up there,
so they're saying,
props is created by the router itself.
Is that true?
>> Brian: A certain amount
of them definitely, right?
The ID, maybe the ID.
The better way to say is many of them
are being created by the router.
However, notice that that show that we're
passing down, that's being created by us.
That's being attached by us.
So it's a mix of both.
[SOUND] Bless you.
It's just right, so
let's go back to what I had before.
Okay, let's,
>> Brian: That's push branch here.
>> Brian: Get out of here.
>> Brian: Git checkout -b fem-17.
>> Brian: Git commit -m "FEM step 17".
Git push origin fem-17.
>> Brian: All right, there we go.
So I just pushed FEM-17 for
anyone that needs it.
>> Brian: Let's go work on details now.
>> Brian: branding,
>> Brian: svideo.
So that's our nice little
header that we'll have on here.
>> Brian: And
here we're gonna have video-info,
>> Brian: h1 className = 'video-title'.
>> Brian: Is that how I did this?
Okay so,
>> Brian: Let's do that real quick,
so,
>> Brian: On the off
chance [COUGH] I'm one that I wanna
make my program as resilient as possible
once it's being shown to users.
I would rather have a really
bad looking new UI how than
rather just errors out crashes.
So there's some things you
can do to guard against that.
One of them as you can
say like const params =
this.props.params or a blank object.
This is gonna prevent
you from at least like,
now if I refer to params.thing,
right, params.whatever, right?
It's not gonna error, it's just
gonna be undefined, so eventually
you'll end up showing to them is a blank
UI rather than just nothing, right?
But another fun thing I can do here
now is I can say const { title,
description,
>> Brian: year,
poster and trailer} = params.
And so now I can just refer
to those individually,
saying params.title params.description,
params.year is down here in title,
I can just say title.
I find that a little bit more expressive,
but this is just personal opinions of
how I choose to write UIs, you don't
have to necessarily do it this way.
>> Speaker 2: You can also do
the triple ellipses params, right, and
then it would just unpack everything.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, this is better.
>> Brian: I don't think it's gonna
work in this particular case.
Like this?
So object spread doesn't actually
exist in ES 6, only array spread.
There's a spec out for it but
as well that's very future facing.
I think it'll land,
it seem to have some steam behind it,
but,
>> Brian: Not a thing yet, unfortunately.
>> Brian: But I like where your head's at.
I like thinking of new and
interesting ways to solve problems.
So again, I'm gonna put parentheses
around this because I wanna literally see
parenthesis.
>> Brian: Okay, and here I wanna do
an img className = 'video-poster' and
src = and
we're gonna do our brackets here.
And we're gonna use our es6
template strings again.
>> Brian: public/img/posters/$.
>> Brian: And then we're here,
we're gonna do another paragraph,
className = 'video-description'
>> Brian: Here
we wanna say description and close that.
>> Brian: So
that's kind of all of our information.
And then here comes, in my opinion,
kind of the fun part,
is we're gonna throw up the YouTube
video as well for the trailer.
>> Brian: Video-container.
>> Brian: And here we'll use an iframe,
cuz I tell you to tend so,
I wanna be displayed.
I wanna say, fortunately,
this is a bunch of stuff to type and
there's really no way around it.
>> Brian:
Https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/${-
trailer}, this
is actually like the correct
trailer we wanna look at.
Then you have to say after that, ?rel=0,
>> Brian: &amp;controls=0&amp;showinfo=o.
>> Brian: Again, that's just how
YouTube wants its URLs to look.
>> Speaker 2: They're asking why that's
just trailer rather than params.trailer.
>> Brian: Cuz we pulled it out up here.
Same thing we did here for
description, year, title.
You totally can say params.trailer.
I just did it this way.
>> Brian: frameBorder='0' and
allowFullscreen
>> Brian: And the pi frame.
>> Brian: Okay,
I didn't quite get the URL,
I'll push up the branch after this
cuz it's so annoying to type.
But let's go ahead and
take a look and see if we worked.
>> Brian: Okay, nothing's yelling at us.
Let's refresh the page.
And now we have it.
That looks kinda weird.
We'll have to fix that.
>> Brian: But
now we have a nice looking UI,
let's figure out what's
wrong with the header.
>> Brian: What'd I do wrong here?
>> Brian: Container header
equals className = 'header',
[INAUDIBLE] className = 'branding',
brand, sorry.
That's what.
Okay, refresh.
There we go.
>> Brian: I think that's pretty cool,
right?
>> Brian: And it's really cool
that we were able to get such a,
I mean I think it's a somewhat
interesting looking UI,
that's about it
>> Speaker 3: What
did you modify to fix that
issue with the header?
>> Brian: It was brand
instead of branding.
>> Brian: Yeah?
>> Speaker 4: Can you scroll
down just a smidge so
you can see all the YouTube
got exciting stuff?
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]